hi I'm Patti Moreno the garden girl and
I'm William moss and today we're talking
about planting seeds it's the beginning
of the season and now it's a good time
to get some of those cold weather crops
in the ground yeah we are gonna be
planting a variety of seeds in here and
we are gonna start planting some lettuce
some European mescaline salad some
radishes cuz we're gonna be able to eat
those radishes within the month and also
some oriental greens some Asian greens
here and onions cuz onions take a while
so you want to get those in early they
do they do now the first thing you want
to do is you want to get you a nice
furrow going we've cleared and cleaned
the bed so now it's time for us to make
a little furrow for the seeds so we're
gonna start out with some lettuce in
this bed and this is a great tip for
anyone out there to know how deep you
plant the seed these are a European
mesclun mix of seeds and to know how
deep I plant them what I'm gonna do is
I'm going to take three seeds and I'm
gonna line them up and that is basically
how deep I need to plant that particular
seed and it's just a great tip that you
can use with any seed out there so you
don't have to memorize how deep each
individual seed needs to be planted
who's our furrow done let me just take
it all the way to the end down here
because you want to grow from into it
there we go
alright let me give you some seeds and
maybe you can start that way and I'll
start this way okay don't be skipping on
the seeds and we'll just sprinkle these
in some onions I love the way onions
look and I had some great onions last
year that I started using and I made
scallion pancakes there was you so
delicious can you see how alive the soil
is you can see little worms pop their
heads out every now and then
okay I think that's enough there
nice now we're just going to cover our
furrows up but we got to be careful
because like you said these things are
small we don't need a lot on top only a
little bit you've got the seeds in the
ground and the next thing we have to do
of course is water it thoroughly we want
to make sure that during the germination
process the seeds are nice and moist
because that's gonna help them germinate
they need that moisture they're gonna
have that soil to seed contact the
onions we'll take a little bit of time
before they start sprouting but our
lettuce is within the week we should
start seeing little green sprouts
popping through exactly and then that
begins West West to me the hardest part
of ATC sowing which comes the thinning
part you know we are the world can't we
all just get along no you gotta get in
there and spitting these guys out so
you've got to thin them out and
typically we want to make sure that they
have enough space because if you don't
then they won't be able to grow and
become the full size plants that we need
them to be so we could harvest them and
get all the produce that we want so for
our lettuces we want to space them out
about one inch mm-hmm between each plant
and when we start thinning them out you
know we can take that and put that in
the compost bin we don't want to let
that go to waste we can take those
sprouts and we can also me because I
have chickens I'll give them to my
chickens they love little green sprouts
right right and I'll often take the
sprout sometimes you can use them in
salads or use them on a sandwich because
they're edible from the time they sprout
of course until they're fully matures as
for grown produce you can use them as
food too and these these cold weather
crops here would do well for us for the
next six to eight weeks until one
weather when it's time for us to put out
some of the warm weather seeds yeah like
our eggplant and our peppers and our
tomatoes Oh
I'm Patti Moreno the garden girl and I'm
William moss thanks for watching
you